About:
Made by Roni Shae and Anthony Sin for ICS4U

Objective:

Reach the lowest floor of the dungeon and defeat the evil Deceased King!

He will send his scary minions to try and defeat you!!

Luckily, you have the help of your magical backpack.
The only items you can bring to the fight are the ones you can fit in your backpack.
You may have to turn, move, and abandon items to fit the items that are most important.

Controls:

Use the left click on the mouse to drag items in and out of your backpack.
Use the left click on the mouse to press the buttons on the screen.
Use the left click on the mouse to click on enemies to set them to the selected target.
Use the left click on the mouse above an item in your backpack (during a fight) to use it.
Use the right click on the mouse on an item to show information on what the item does.
Press the 'W' key while holding an item to rotate it.

Rules / Systems:

Each floor has a unique map. You will need to use the Alt+Tab keys to bring the map to the top of your windows.
On the map are various icons, each representing a different thing.
The backpack represents you.
The key represents the exit.
You must clear all rooms in your path to another room.
When you enter a room, you must press the end turn button to leave it, or you cannot progress.
^ Unless it is a fight, you can only leave a fight room after defeating all the enemies.
After winning a fight, you gain xp and gold.
Gold is used at the shop and healer.
XP is used to level up. The amount needed to level up increases with each level.
After levelling up, you may expand your backpack by clicking on any locked spaces (blue squares).

What to expect during a fight:

Turn based combat.
At the start of each turn, you will refresh to 3 energy points.
Most items have an energy cost.
The item's active effect will occur immediately after you use it.
Items have different classes.
Items with only passive effects (armor, accessories) will not do anythnig when clicked on.
Consumable items will disappear from your backpack once used.
Certain items can only be used once per turn.
Make sure you're prepared before the fight, it costs 3 energy if you want to reorganize during the fight!
If you're out of options, you can choose to "Scratch." This deals 3 damage for 1 energy.
Weapons can only damage one enemy at a time. Make sure you select the one you wish to attack before using the weapon.
Enemies will display their next move above their heads with an icon indicating the move type and a number indicating the value.
They will apply various status effects to themselves and you.
Status effects are displayed next to the unit they affect.
Each turn, they will apply their effect to their respective unit and then decrease by 1.
Poison: -x HP 
Regen: +x HP
Rage: +x Damage
Weak: -x Damage